HOME PAGE: 

- Combining Computer Vision and Machine Learning with Materials Science and Engineering. 
- As a materials characterization expert, I am a passionate about learning new ways to analyze images and visualize data.
Explore my latest personal projects (and scientific art), showcasing my expertise in computer vision, image processing, and machine learning.

--------------------------------------------------------------

ABOUT PAGE:

- Bridging Machine Learning and Material Science 
- Guten Tag! My name is Yung Suk "Jeremy" Yoo, and I am a lifelong student of everything related to visualization: images, graphs, maps, etc.
I am always looking for innovative ways to process image data and presenting results using creative visuals. 
As humans, we can process and convey information more efficiently using images than any other medium. 
With 8 years of transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and 3 years of machine learning experience, I am always looking for interesting problems to solve.


- While pursuing my Ph.D. using electron microcopy, I realized that most of our attention and efforts are focused on visual ergonomics and data. 
My Ph.D. thesis presentation was filled with images that was palatable to both the technical and non-expert audience. 
I believe that visualization will only become more important in an age where technology becomes more important in our lives. 
It is critical not only to know how to process volumes of image data but also to convert information-dense results into digestible content like graphs and maps. 


- With this online portfolio, I hope to explore intereting ways to visualize numerical data and process images. 
I look forward to the day when I can discuss my work with people from different areas of expertise. 

--------------------------------------------------------------

EXPERIENCE: 

Software Research Scientist/Engineer @Intel
2022-2024 | Hillsboro, CA, USA
Worked on a team calibrating computer models (optical proximity correction) to optimize photomask performance for high yield manufacturing 
Developed and tested machine learning image classifiers that selected images of failed photoresist prints on wafers
Developed and maintained internal Python automation tools using Gitlab 

Postdoctoral Research Fellow @University of Michigan
2020-2022 | Ann Arbor, MI, USA
Worked as a Postdoctoral Fellow in Professor Amit Misra's group combining EBSD and TEM to characterize dislocation pileup near grain boundaries in magnesium alloys

Graduate Research Intern @Los Alamos National Laboratory
Summer 2018 | Los Alamos, NM, USA
Worked as a summer intern characterizing spall surface of tantalum after shock loading
Developed MATLAB analysis script to process grain boundary orientation from EBSD data 

Graduate Research Assistant @Georgia Institute of Technology
2014-2020 | Atlanta, GA, USA
Pursed a Doctorate in Materials Science and Engineering under Professor Josh Kacher focusing on developing multiscale electron microscopy techniques to study the deformation behavior of aluminum alloys under three-point bending
Developed a MATLAB script counting the number of dispersoid particles and their area fractions in STEM images 
Combined high resolution EBSD, focused ion beam, and TEM data to investigate the microstructural changes in stress-tested aluminum
Quantify strain accumulation near microstructural defects using data science techniques


--------------------------------------------------------------

EDUCATION:

Ph.D. in Materials Science and Engineering
2014-2020 | Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech)
Concentration in materials characterization and image processing.

B.S. in Materials Science and Engineering
2010-2014 | Korea University
Coursework focused on semiconductors. 

--------------------------------------------------------------

PROJECTS PAGE:

- Imagination Trumps Knowledge!

Crypto Screener Application
A feature-rich Crypto Screener App using React, Tailwind CSS, Context API, React Router and Recharts. 
It shows detail regarding almost all the cryptocurrency. You can easily convert the price in your 
local currency.

React Portfolio Website
A professional portfolio website using React JS, Framer-motion, and Styled-components. It has smooth 
page transitions, cool background effects, unique design and it is mobile responsive.

--------------------------------------------------------------

ARTICLES PAGE:

- Words Can Change The World! 

Build A Custom Pagination Component In Reactjs From Scratch
Learn how to build a custom pagination component in ReactJS from scratch. 
Follow this step-by-step guide to integrate Pagination component in your ReactJS project.
9 min read

Creating Stunning Loading Screens In React: Build 3 Types Of Loading Screens
Learn how to create stunning loading screens in React with 3 different methods. 
Discover how to use React-Loading, React-Lottie & build a custom loading screen. 
Improve the user experience.
10 min read

Form Validation In Reactjs: Build A Reusable Custom Hook For Inputs And Error Handling

Silky Smooth Scrolling In Reactjs: A Step-By-Step Guide For React Developers

Creating An Efficient Modal Component In React Using Hooks And Portals

Build A Fabulous Todo List App With React, Redux And Framer-Motion

Redux Simplified: A Beginner's Guide For Web Developers

What Is Higher Order Component (Hoc) In React?



